How come?
What's the noise?
Hey, Director Qian, you are here.
There's a stinky rascal messing around here
He also stole the key to Villa 1
I was going to call the police to arrest him.
Qianzi Villa No. 1
That's not a place for normal people to go
Could it be that you are not bad?
My name is Wan Yue
Wan Jiaqi is my father
Are you still messing around?
Do you believe I will beat you to death?
Who would believe that you dare to talk like that?
I am now officially notifying you
You're fired.
Director Qian, are you mistaken?
Don't worry about him
You have to go too
Are you mistaken?
He is your client
You talk to customers like that again
Who cares who you are
Dare to offend him, not to have a hard time with us
You are not welcome.
Get out of here, dear, call me
Okay, okay, the surname is Qian
And you little trash
You all give it to me and wait for us to go
You go down too, it's none of your business, yeah yeah
Thank you, Mr. Qian, thank you, Mr. Zhang
Submersible tube this
What the hell is going on?
President of Huaqing Chamber of Commerce
The richest man in Kyushu
Have you heard of it?
Yes, I have.
I heard that the president came to Jiangzhou
The whole upper class was alarmed
No.
President Wan's surname is also Wan. It seems that you are not stupid
Night is the son of President Wan